- Hello, hello, hello everyone out there on the live stream.
Hey Jack.
- Hey Michael, thanks so much for having me along.
- Yeah, it's great to have you here.
And before we jump right into the show,
let me just throw out a couple comments
for the people watching live.
If you've got questions, comments, links, info,
so on, put them into the live chat
and we'll make them part of the show.
If you come along later,
you should still be able to see the live chat
historically on YouTube.
Jack, welcome to Talk Python To Me.
Thank you, Michael. It's great to meet you after hearing your voice for so many years.
It's so great to have you on the show. It's always fun to have people who are listeners but have interesting stories to tell.
Come on the show and you definitely have some interesting stories about the energy grid and doing data science around really important stuff like keeping the lights on in Australia.
Australia. Yeah, I'm definitely looking forward to diving into that stuff. It's going to be
a lot of fun, I think. Absolutely. Before we get to it, though, let's start with your
story. How'd you get into programming and what brought you to Python?
Yeah, well, I guess I have a very strange background. I actually started off at university
enrolling in journalism and politics, right at the start of the GFC. I had never programmed
before and I didn't even realize I was interested in it.
And my lecturers kept telling me how many journalists
were losing their jobs during the financial crisis.
And so I actually dropped out
and was trying to consider what I wanted to do.
And I'd always had a passion for biology and science.
And my hobby was, I was actually a beekeeper.
I had six of my own hives at home.
I really loved that.
And so I thought-
Are these like honeybee type of bees or what kind of bees?
Yes, honeybees. Yes, absolutely. The ones that sting. I actually also had a couple of
Australian native bees, Tetragonula carbonaria, which I'm not sure if you've heard of them
before, but they're actually, they almost look like tiny little flies. They're stingless bees.
and they will actually make their hives out of a resin of trees and they will build
their brood in this beautiful kind of spiral pattern going up through the hive.
And so I was just really interested in, I guess, all things bee and insect related at the time,
and so I actually started blogging about bees and beekeeping and that was actually my introduction
to code because I had, I think I had a website on blogger. And one day I suddenly thought,
well, I'd love to actually be able to make my own website. How do I do that? And so I started
learning HTML and JavaScript. And it was literally just so I could talk about my beads. I had no
interest in programming. I think so many people get into programming that way who don't necessarily
I feel like my goal is to go be a programmer,
but they just really have something they're into
and programming is almost in the way, right?
It's just like something you've got to figure out
so that you can actually get to the thing
that you actually like.
But then a lot of people find out,
well, hey, this is actually kind of cool.
And what else can I do now that I know this, right?
- Absolutely.
And that was really what made me change my degree.
So initially I was gonna do a pure biology degree.
And so I decided I would do biology and web development.
And as I kind of went along with the degree,
I suddenly started realizing that the programming skills
I was picking up during my degree,
so I learned PHP, Perl, and Python.
Suddenly I realized that these skills
could actually help me with working with scientific data.
'Cause we kind of hit this point
was just so much genomic data, really most people these days, at the time I was doing undergrad,
but one of the things I've really noticed is most people these days that enroll in a biology PhD,
you join the lab and it's almost like, right, you're learning Python or you're learning R,
there's no other way you're working with this data. And so suddenly I kind of hit this point
where I was like, wow, these kind of technical skills were letting me do things and be useful
in ways that I never thought. And it let me answer research questions that I was really
fascinated by. And that was my motivation to actually, I guess, go into and do a PhD
and then try and take those skills further. What was your PhD in?
So it was in computational biology. It was trying to develop software to automate
the analysis of honeybee behavior in the hive. So the thing that was interesting was it was both a
physical setup and the code as well. So the physical side was actually how do we set up
a beehive in a building with a glass window in so that I can film them with an infrared camera
in the dark? And how do I put little tags with patterns on them on the backs of the bees that I
can then use Python and machine learning to identify and track over the course of several
weeks and that kind of process ended up being much harder than I had anticipated because when
I started out, I read a couple of papers by some computer scientists who mentioned that
they'd printed out some card tags and they said that they filled the bees for a couple of hours,
got the data and did an analysis and I thought, great, I'm going to do that, problem solved.
It was only until later that I realized the reason that they only filmed them for a couple of hours
was because that was how long it took the bees to chew the cardboard off each other in the hive.
Oh, did they help each other? Like, "Hey, I've got this thing on my back. Get it off me."
Yes, yes, they actually did. And that was the thing I would actually find time and time again.
I would come up with the material and I would try and stick it on the back of the bees. And you
would see their friends effectively come over and start trying to pry it off them in the hive. And
And so it was actually a process to find something that didn't,
I guess, trigger them, so to speak.
And one of the things I,
a really immensely frustrating experience I had
when I was doing these experiments was
I thought I had found a perfect fabric
and the perfect glue to put them on the beads.
And I spent hours tagging hundreds of them.
I put them into the hive.
And then I came back,
I would come back a few hours later and all my tags had disappeared.
And I couldn't understand why and I kept doing it.
And then at one point I thought, you know what, I'm going to put a bucket outside the
hive entrance just to see what happens.
And I'm going to watch in the dark.
And what actually happened was the bees didn't like the smell of the glue.
So they were actually physically grabbing these bees that I'd tagged, dragging them
to the entrance and flinging them out of the hive.
And because the hive was, because these bees were juvenile bees, they were too young to
fly yet, the ants were actually dragging them away.
So I thought my tags were dropping off or being pulled off, but actually my poor bees
were getting eaten by the ants because they couldn't fly away.
And so I guess it's another example as well, you know, when you've got missing data, understand
the process.
Sometimes the process that made that data missing is significant.
I would have never guessed. That's really pretty insane, actually.
And so the solution for dealing with this was I would actually go through the process
of tagging the beans. Then I would put them in this heated incubator on a frame of honey for
several hours until all of the smell had kind of faded away. And then I could introduce them to the
hive and they would be accepted. I see. Okay. Basically, wait until
that dried and it was really on them? Yeah, well, wait until all the fumes were gone,
and then they would be accepted and then it would work. Because I think this was the real challenge
of my project was, we weren't interested in showing that we could write software that could
track the bees. The specific application was to look at the social development over several weeks
of these bees. So we needed a kind of experimental setup and the code to support it that would let us
look at these extended periods of behavior. - Did they have different markings based on
like their age or their role in the colony or something like were they all tagged the same
and you just said well they kind of move around like this or were there like did you group them
or something? Oh, so what I would often do is I had, I would use a laser engraver to burn patterns
in the fabric that I would put on them. And so each bee had a unique pattern that I could use
to identify it. And you are a code on the bee. Kind of like that, but not. In fact, I think if
you scroll through the website to the bottom of the page, there's, there's some little patterns.
This was some initial prototypes, but at the bottom,
just if you scroll up a little bit more,
the last image, yep, that one,
I was literally using a Wingdings font
to try out different patterns.
- Wingdings, okay.
- On the beads, because I just had,
the idea was to have a relatively inexpensive 4K camera
that could pick up the different patterns.
Of course, if you had a really expensive
high resolution camera, then you could do more with QR codes,
for instance. And what I would do is I would do these experiments
where I would, half of the bees would be, would be that I would
introduce that would all be juvenile, except I would also
mark the queen so I could know how they were interacting with
the queen. But half the juvenile bees, I would introduce them to
the hive would receive a label that I could reference later on.
and half would receive a different label that I knew about.
And the reason I did this was so I could actually do these,
have these control and treatment groups in my experiment
because I would do these experiments
where I would treat the bees with caffeine
to see how it would actually affect
their social development in the hive.
I guess to give a little bit more context to that,
diving a little bit into the way that bees develop. You could almost think of a worker
bee in the hive like the pictures I have on my site. The jobs that a bee does over its lifetime
are influenced by how old it is. So these juvenile bees I was first introducing to the colony,
they really would just have quite menial colonies. They'll do little cleaning tasks around the hive,
they wouldn't do much. Then when they're a little bit older, they would start nursing
other juvenile bees and then the eldest bees are the ones that you actually see out and about flying
and collecting nectar and pollen. So those are actually the eldest of the bees in the colony
typically. And so I wanted to see how this caffeine would affect that kind of behavioral
process in the juvenile bees. How interesting. Briefly, what did you find that caffeine does to
bees? So one of the things I found was it effectively meant that bees sped up how quickly
they adjusted to the rhythms of the colony. So to put it in context, if you're a juvenile bee
in the hive, you don't really care about circadian rhythms, day-night cycles, because you're in a
hive, it's completely dark all the time. And so what we found was that we hadn't seen before,
was these juvenile bees, even though they weren't exposed to the light and the outside,
they would actually pick up these circadian rhythms by interacting with the older bees that
that were coming back.
It was effectively like a socially acquired
circadian rhythm.
And so what we found was that these,
bees that were treated with caffeine effectively
picked up this rhythm more quickly than bees that weren't
and kind of progressed in their roles in the colony
more quickly as well.
Yeah, so there was that and I had a few other areas,
but yeah, to be honest, a lot of the work
was really just making the software and the bees all play nice.
Yeah, absolutely.
It was probably one of the most immensely...
I will say one of the things that is quite nice about the energy sector
is I don't have to deal with... I guess I can deal with machines
which are a little bit less frustrating at times.
More reliable, more predictable, and certain, that's for sure.
Before we move on to the energy sector,
sector. So just give us a quick overview of like the software that you use. Was
Python a part of this role here?
Yes, absolutely. So I used a mix of Python and OpenCV for a lot of the image
process processing. And of course, TensorFlow and Keras as for training my
neural network to identify the different tags. And that actually ended up being
quite an interesting process building up that data set and improving it over time,
because one of the things I found when I started trying to train that data set was I thought,
"Okay, I can take my patterns, film them, add a little bit of noise and rotation,
and then that's my kind of starter machine learning model."
The problem was that when you put the tag on the bee, the way that they kind of walk
around the hive, you'll see different kind of angles of, they kind of have this bit of
wobble walk as they go around.
So it kind of introduces this level of distortion to the tag.
And then other, and so then also you could have other situations where bees would walk
over each other, the block occluded tags as well. So one of the things I ended up having to do was
I had to introduce a class to my, a predictive class to my model that was literally just like
the "I don't know what this is" class. And effectively the idea was I'm going to see this
bee, I'm going to have multiple attempts to classify this bee as it's walking around. So I
I want to only attempt a classification when I'm seeing enough of the tag
and I'm confident enough in that to attempt it.
And so that was one of the techniques I found that helped improve the classification.
And really, it ended up just becoming a process
where I had a bit of a pipeline that would go through,
it would extract tags, it would use the model at the current iteration to label them.
I would then go in and manually review it
and then figure out where it had stuffed up, where it was doing well, and then use that corrected
data set to retrain the model and then see how well that iteration did. And it became
almost like a semi-supervised problem to an extent when I was building it out.
And at a certain point, it became just as good as me at doing these classifications.
and then it was fully automated as well. But I think I ended up labeling about
seven or eight hundred thousand images as part of doing this and my wife was actually, she was a
PhD student in working in genetics at the time, she was helping me in her spare time,
so she does not look favorably upon that project. She probably doesn't love winged
fonts, maybe a B comes by, she's like, "Oh, not you again."
Yeah, absolutely.
But I'd say, yeah, so Python and OpenCV were big ones.
And then the other tool I was using a lot of was Python's Cython library, where I would,
for certain parts that I wanted to run really efficiently, I wrote those in C++ and then
used Cython to expose some of those methods to it and that worked amazingly well. It was so
impressive how you could pass a Python list to my C++ class and it would interpret that as a vector
and then it would pass back the information as well. I think this is the reason I'm such a fan of
Python is just how well it lets me do so many different things that I'm working on.
That's a really interesting point. You know, a lot of people talk about well, Python is slow for this or it's slow for that
and yet here's all these really
intensive computational things that Python seems to be the preferred language for and I think this is one of the
hidden secrets that's not apparent as people come into the ecosystem, right?
Obviously people have been here for a long time. They kind of know that story but
you know as people come in because there's there's all sorts of people coming into the Python world
drawn in a little bit like you, you talked about how you started out in biology, not necessarily
to be in software development specifically, but then you kind of got sucked into it, right?
Yep.
Yeah, I think this is a really, I think all of the conversations around the performance of Python
is super interesting. It's like, oh, it's really slow, except for in this time where it's like as
fast as C++. Wait a minute, is it slow or is it fast as C++? Well, it's both, right? It varies.
but you can bring in these extra turbo boosts, right?
Like Cython, or do your work in NumPy
rather than in straight lists and stuff like that.
- Absolutely, and like,
one of the, initially when I started off my PhD,
I actually wrote an initial prototype version of it
all in C++ using OpenCV,
OpenC++ library and a machine learning,
a deep learning library called Caffe, which is a bit of a thing back in the day. And that
process for dealing with data and even just converting data between, I think the best
thing about Python is the fact that NumPy arrays is just understood by all the scientific
libraries, whereas sometimes with other languages, it can be painful moving data between different
libraries and tools.
Oh, interesting. Yeah, you're right about that. Yeah.
And so I remembered at one point during my PhD with that initial C++ version,
I had a page of code to convert between an OpenCV matrix and a Caffe, I think, blob.
And it was a page of code that I was terrified of breaking because I didn't understand how it worked.
Whereas Python, it was like everything.
I can move between scikit-learn, pandas, and all these other libraries.
and it's all kind of got that common foundation
that makes me really efficient.
- Yeah. - And that I understand
really well.
- That's a really interesting insight
that there's this sort of common data structure
across the libraries, because you're right.
I remember in C++ and other languages
like C# and whatnot, this one will take something like this
and you've got to reorder the data
and reformat it to pass it over.
And if you have to do that back and forth,
it would completely slow things down,
all sorts of stuff.
Yeah, very interesting.
And I think in a way as well, I really loved that the Python stack has let me do things
during my PhD and then post PhD as well. The skills that I developed in analytics here,
I've gone on to be able to use that in so many different places. For instance,
one of the pieces of analysis I did was look, I used Python's NetworkX library to look at the
social interactions between the queen and worker bees and I would build out these network graphs
that would explore the number of interactions and the length of time of those interactions
between the queen and the worker bee and this actually recording independent interactions
actually became important because sometimes the queen would literally fall asleep behind another
worker and it would look like she loves that worker but she just was stressed in for like
over an hour or two. But what I've actually found is that those skills for working with data and
with network analysis when I was working consulting I would use NetworkX to analyze
the corporate structure of organizations that we're doing an org review for and then more recently
I've done work in the energy sector looking at building out networks of power stations
as well. And so it's, I think that's one of the things I love about this area is that you have
this kind of transferable skill set that is, you're more limited by what you can think of
but using it by rather than what you can actually do with it itself. Yeah, absolutely. And I think
for a lot of people if they're out there listening and they're doing you know academic type stuff or
working in one area but maybe that's not the area they necessarily want to stay in a lot of these
skills are super transferable it's one of the things that's blown my mind as I've spent more
and more time in the software industry was I remember I was doing professional training and
And I spent one week at a stock brokerage in New York City
teaching programming.
And then I spent, two weeks later,
I was like at an Air Force base
working with some of the engineers there.
The stuff that those two groups need to know,
it sounds like it's entirely different worlds, right?
It's like 90% identically the same.
It's just a little bit of what do you do with that
once you know it?
Like what's the secret sauce on top of it
that puts it together?
But yeah.
And it sounds like you kind of got that skill in your research.
Yeah, absolutely. And I think this is one of the things I've noticed is that some PhDs can
struggle to transition into industry. And often it's because there's people on the industry side
that don't really understand how those skills can help them. But at the same time, I think
it's actually a skill to be able to explain how you can link what you already know,
what you're capable of and solve their kind of business problem. In fact, I think when I went into
management consulting and I would do some work for some of the partners,
it took me a little while to figure out that they weren't that interested in
the code I was doing or even some of the raw data, but if I could figure out a way
to link that to the business problem they were trying to solve, then they were interested.
And being able to kind of communicate and act as like a bridge between those was something I
didn't realize was a skill, but it is hugely valuable in organizations, I've really noticed.
Yeah, absolutely. All right, one final question about your research before we get into the energy
sector. What year did you do that work? Oh, so 2014 to 2017. Yeah, and that's not that long ago,
and yet the machine learning story has probably progressed really quite a bit with deep learning,
transfer learning, all sorts of stuff going on, the different use of GPUs and tensor compute units
and whatnot. What would it look like now if you're doing it versus then? What would it
be different?
I think now, one of the big differences was really that TensorFlow only came out towards
the second half of my PhD. So I think that was a difference. Having more accessible machine
learning libraries and tools really made a big difference. The other one was, I think,
when I started my project, I actually spent a lot of time playing around with, you know,
now if you started your PhD, you would go image analysis, it's going to be deep learning.
Whereas when I started, I was actually pointed in the direction of, oh, go check out, you know,
support vector machines, try out random forest, try out a whole bunch of different feature
engineering and machine learning techniques. And so I spent a lot of time kind of moving around
between those before I literally had a, I got in touch with a researcher in the computer science
department because I was in the biology department doing this work. And he literally, I had a chat
with him and he literally looked at what I was doing and he said, "Use deep learning." And he
said, "Hey, go check out these libraries, but this is what you need to do it." And I think,
yeah, in a way, that type of, the libraries and the understanding about how you would solve this
problem now is a lot further along and probably would have shortcut a lot of my initial frustration
compared to... Yeah, probably. All the lessons you've learned with those late nights of it
outworking and whatnot, right?
One other thing really quickly is I'd love to look at this graph here,
the Stack Overflow trends, and I'll link to this in the show notes.
There was back in 2017,
an article by Stack Overflow, their data science team,
called "The Incredible Growth of Python."
And they predicted, "Oh, Python's going to overtake some of these languages,
and you're not going to believe it.
It's going to be more popular than JavaScript,
more popular than Java and people are like, no way,
this is, there's, there's gotta be something wrong
with the data.
And obviously here we are in 2021,
where I think they underestimated, honestly,
I don't have the exact picture in my mind,
but I'm pretty sure they underestimated
the last couple of years, which is pretty interesting,
but that's not what I want to talk about.
What I want to talk about is that 2012,
you know, Python had been around for at that time,
25 years or something.
And it was well known, it was a fairly popular language,
but it was kind of just steady state.
And then it's like somebody just lit the afterburner
on that language and it just, you know,
it just started going up and up right around that time.
This is the time that you got into Python as well,
more or less, right?
I feel like so many people came from
these not traditional programming spaces.
I mean, still interested in programming,
but not like a CS degree type of programming.
And it just brought so many different,
so much diversity in terms of the problems being solved.
And I think this graph is exactly what's happening here.
It sounds like you're part of that,
making that curve go up there.
- Yes, yeah, I guess so.
And I think for me as well, when Pandas came out,
I think around in 2012 for working with,
you know, data frames as objects,
I've used R, I really liked that kind of data frame feature
initially. And it was a little bit frustrating before pandas was a thing, being able to,
having to deal with CSV files and having to treat them as lists and indexing. So when pandas
became a thing, that was almost one of the big reasons I pushed into using Python
for so much. And I still feel like I've been using pandas for, yeah, I guess eight or nine years.
And I'm pretty sure the project I'm on currently, I'm pretty sure I've learned a few extra things
about the library just in the last couple of weeks. Yeah, it's crazy how that works, right?
You're like, I've been doing this forever. How did I not know about this part of it, right?
Yep, absolutely. Amazing, amazing. All right, well, super cool project you had there.
Let's talk about energy. So you work for the Australian Energy Market Commission?
Yes. So you could almost think of them as the rule maker for the energy market. We don't
run the energy market, that's the Australian Energy Market operator, but they effectively
pass the legislation that determines how people have to act within the energy market.
Yeah and so and I think I came into, the reason I really joined the organization was because
when I was working in consulting I did a lot of work in, I started doing work in the energy sector
and I do work for energy retailers, the people that you pay for your electricity,
I just worked for some industrial companies and one of the things I found was when I bumped into
the wholesale energy data, it was almost like this, what was it, the city of gold in some way.
It was immense amounts of reasonably well-structured and cleans data where the
the limitation wasn't the data or cleaning it.
The limitation was understanding
the domain well enough to do interesting things with it.
>> Right. Okay.
>> That really became my obsession,
was to learn as much as I could,
so I could actually do more and
more interesting things with the data.
The reason I joined the AAMC was because it's one of
the most amazing workplaces in terms of the capability of everyone there is so passionate
and incredible at what they do. And so just being around these people and learning from
them is just an experience in itself.
Yeah, fantastic. That sounds super interesting. And it sounds like things like your network
experience, you know, there's probably a lot of networks and energy and suppliers and whatnot
there might go together.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Yeah, so basically, it's kind of a market
that they set the price of energy.
And then generators, like private companies
that have power plants and solar farms and whatnot,
they can decide whether or not they
want to participate at that very moment in the grid,
or how does it work? Yeah, absolutely. So yeah, this is one of the fascinating things about the
wholesale energy market. You can almost think that every five minutes, the market operator is
effectively running an auction where all power stations around on the East Coast of Australia
are submitting in bids for how much they were willing to sell different volumes of electricity
at. So for instance, a wind farm might say that they will sell this volume of power quite cheaply,
whereas a gas generator that has quite a high cost of fuel will set a higher price. And the
market operator will take all of these bids, and it knows the locations of these generators,
it knows the capabilities of the transmission lines and the network and it will run this
linear optimization to figure out, okay, what is the cheapest mix of generators that I should
dispatch to satisfy demand while still making sure the network is secure. Okay, so it's like
trying to optimize certain goals, like we are going to need however much energy in the grid at this
this very moment and these people are willing to supply it at this, like, what, how do we
get, you know, who do we take however much energy from until we get like both enough
people that are willing to participate from a financial perspective and then what people
also need, huh?
Yes, absolutely.
And that's, that's the thing that's so fascinating about this market is that at all times, supply
and demand have to be, have to be matched.
Very, very carefully because it'll break the grid if there's, well, too much is probably worse than too little because you just get a brownout, right? But too much could destroy things, right?
Yeah, you don't want too much. If you have too much, then you need generators to start to try and reduce their output. And at the same time, if you have too little, then it can also create problems.
And in fact, the grid has to be kept at this precise,
such a precise level of balance that if it actually,
you have too much or too little for too long,
it will damage the machines that are connected to it.
And in fact, to protect themselves,
you will actually see them start to disconnect
and it can actually create these kind of cascading problems.
So unless you, we actually had a fascinating example
recently in Queensland, where a coal turbine blew up.
And it then tripped a whole bunch
of other coal power stations
that then stopped creating load.
And so you suddenly had this situation
where you had all this demand for electricity,
and suddenly they just lost all of this generation ability.
And what actually happened is the system
just started disconnecting, well, it caused a blackout.
It was this automated system in a fraction of a second
that just started disconnecting load or demand
to try and balance it as quickly as possible
to try and arrest the problem.
And so, and one of the things I've actually been doing
has been looking at this at like a,
on a four second basis, the events that happened on this day
and how different units responded to these events.
It's amazing.
There's almost like the energy sector and the market,
it's almost like there's the physical infrastructure
and making everything work and all that amazing engineering.
And then there's the financial market
and the bids and everything like that
that's built on top of it.
And the market and the bids are fascinating,
but at the end of the day,
everything has to bow to the engineering.
It has to work.
- It has to work, yeah.
Yeah, or it's all just gonna come apart.
How interesting.
AR out in the live stream says,
is AEMC doing anything with Energy Web?
- I'm not sure if I've come across that before,
but I'd be interested in looking into it.
- Yeah, and then also, it sounds like DERMS,
what you're describing, or D-E-R-M-S,
I'm not sure how you pronounce it.
- That might be something, an acronym,
from the U.S. energy markets.
Everyone has their own kind of different acronym.
- Oh yeah, that makes it easy, right,
to not even be consistent.
- Oh, cool, cool.
- If you go to the market operators website,
they have a glossary page where you can just scroll
for all those days on all the acronyms.
- Like an acronym, a source, we call it this,
what do they call it?
- Exactly, exactly.
- So we have on the graph here,
this picture on the screen,
where energy went negative actually.
And so,
This is where people are so willing to pay to take energy that you've generated.
That sounds completely insane.
Yeah, I know.
It sounds weird.
So, yeah, to explain this figure, what's been happening this year in South Australia, the
wholesale price of electricity has been around, averaged around negative $20 during the middle
of the day, pretty much consistently.
And so the way this works is because the generators submit bids for how much they're willing to
sell their electricity for, because they'll effectively, when they run the optimization,
the price of the bid that satisfies demand is the price that everyone gets paid.
So what a lot of generators will do is they'll bid in quite cheaply at negative prices so
that they're sure that they will get dispatched.
But if everyone bids in a negative prices, then everyone gets the negative price.
And so what we've actually been seeing is because there's now so much generation in
the middle of the day, you're ending up with these really fascinating market events, like
yeah, these negative prices where literally if you can get paid to consume electricity.
- Yeah, that's, as a consumer, that sounds pretty good.
Get it nice and chilly and you'll all be fine.
One of the drivers of this, it sounds to me like,
is solar energy in Australia, right?
- Yes, yes, we now have so much rooftop solar.
I can't remember the exact percentage,
but a significant percentage of Australian households
now have solar panels because the cost
has come down so much.
And so a lot of our work has involved looking at how that is impacting the grid,
because if you imagine historically, the energy market was a process where,
you know, the market operator could instruct generators to turn on or turn off.
And now we're in a world where there's so much of these kind of small scale
solar that you can't tell what to do.
How do you factor that into balancing supply and demand
in the grid?
- Yeah, well, it definitely sounds like
some interesting Python must be at play there.
So give us an overview of sort of where,
what kind of tools you're using,
the types of problems you're solving.
- Yeah, sure.
So in the solar place,
we've been using a Python, a software package called SAM,
which is the system advisor model,
which is actually released by the National Renewable Energy
Laboratory in the States.
And they've actually, and so what it lets you do
is if you provide solar irradiance data
and data from weather stations,
you can use it to simulate the generation of a rooftop
in different areas around the country on a granular,
on a half hourly basis over the course of the year.
And so what this lets us do is I can use,
they've got a Python library that lets me kind of call
and run this tool and I can simulate different
PV system sizes and different locations and angles
and all setups all around the country.
so I can effectively simulate hundreds and hundreds
of different PV systems.
And if I combine that with how much the household
is consuming and what the actual cost of electricity was
in those half hour intervals,
you can suddenly build up a picture
for the economic effect of different,
of PV panels for different households around the country.
- Yeah, how interesting.
Is this the right thing I pulled up here, this PySAM?
- Yes, yes.
And I will say that for your US listeners,
the laboratory release all of the data
for the US mainland in a format
that's ready for you guys to go.
I had to, a big part of my project
was actually trying to turn the Australian data
into a format that this program could understand.
And that in itself was an interesting exercise
in data cleaning and manipulation
because for instance, all of the data on the irradiance
for the country came as tens of thousands
of these text files that were just these kind of grids,
which pretty much they said,
Each value represents a five by five kilometer grid
on the Australian mainland.
It starts at this coordinate.
So I had to pretty much try and convert this text file
into a map and then convert that into a format
so I could know where the house fell in that as well.
- Oh, wow.
How interesting.
Yeah, that's, you don't normally think of,
excuse me, like taking a bunch of text files
and turning, like piecing those together in a map,
but I guess you do.
Eugene, who was on the show a little while ago
about the life lessons from machine learning,
had brought an interesting quote.
It was something to the effect of,
"The data cleaning is not the grunt work.
"It is the work of," like so much of this, right?
Like it's getting everything right,
making sure it's correct, converting it, formatting it,
and then you feed it off to the magic library
and get the answer, right?
Yep, oh absolutely. And I think, yeah, the lessons that you learn from working with and
cleaning the data often help inform your analysis later on. For instance, one of the things I was
doing recently was I've been trying to correct for errors in this really large data set measuring
output from these power stations. And so one of the pieces of advice I received was that if I see
a data where the generation value from the power station does not change.
It effectively says this power station is generating 100 megawatts and that value doesn't
change for at least a minute.
That means there's an error in the data collection.
And so as I was cleaning up the data and I implemented that and I started looking for
outliers and I actually discovered that you could see for some solar farms that it looks like if I
used this metric that I'd implemented to pick out the bad data, it was actually removing cases where
the power station, the solar farm was deliberately keeping their output perfectly leveled to match
this instruction from the market operator. And so I think this is a case where they were actually
foregoing additional generation to be more predictable. And I would have missed this whole
interesting power station behavior if I just, you know, if I wasn't thinking about what the
implications were of these different, you know, cleaning techniques that I was doing.
Okay. Yeah. Cause maybe that, that advice comes from, I don't know, a gas power plant or a coal
plant where they, they have to fluctuate because, you know, whatever reason, right. And this new
world, the assumptions changed or the situation changed and the assumptions didn't, right?
Absolutely. And I think, in a way, part of the reason I think I've always gravitated towards
being passionate about combining the programming and the analytics with deep domain expertise is
that I really love when I'm working with the data set. When I see something weird, I love
that I can go, "That's wrong, I can remove that," or "That looks weird, I'm going to
investigate this because I think that's interesting." And one of the things I found in consulting was
the projects where I didn't understand the data or the industry as well were always a bit,
and I was brought into the team to provide the analytics capability, but I was effectively
turning the understanding of others into code, I've always found them a little bit less satisfying
from a personal perspective because I didn't feel like I was the one who was really, you know,
getting, who, I felt like I was a vehicle for other people to turn their thoughts into code,
whereas I really like that if I understand the domain, then suddenly I can investigate
and understand the area. Yeah, it becomes a puzzle, not just, I don't know, just more
- Yeah.
- Get information from these people,
apply it to the data, see what comes out.
Yeah, for sure.
You know, someone asked me recently,
they were looking to hire somebody.
It was, I don't know if it was exactly
in the data science world, but it's close enough.
They were asking something to the effect of,
should I go and try to find a computer science
type of background person who I can then teach
the subject matter to and kind of get them up to speed there
'cause we need good programmers,
Or should I find some people who really understand what we're doing and then try to teach them Python?
What would you say to that? I have a thought on it, but I'd love to hear yours.
I think to a certain extent, the experience, you want to have, I guess, the passion for learning about the domain.
And obviously, if they understand the domain, that's really valuable.
but you probably want them to be exposed
at least a little bit to some programming concepts
for them to know that they like it.
In fact, I remember when I had a chat with my former boss
who hired me into my current role,
and he said that his hiring philosophy is
he looks for people with interesting backgrounds.
My background, he saw computational biology,
and a lot of people would be like,
oh, how does that apply to the energy sector?
That's not for us. That's something totally different.
Exactly. But he said, for him, that's an interesting story. And he could see how those skills can
generalize to different areas. And then it's more about, are you passionate about the thing
you're working on as well? So I think people can learn, people with domain expertise, I think
learning Python can be like adding a bit of a superpower to your skills and domain skills as
as well, but I also think that you wouldn't want to say,
say for instance, you wouldn't want to hire someone
who had good domain expertise into the team
to be a programmer who'd never programmed before
and discovered they needed programming as well.
- Yeah, I think the assumption was
that they had a little bit of programming experience
or they were super interested in it,
but maybe not all the way there.
I mean, I thought it was,
yeah, I think the subject matter expertise
is really valuable.
I think these days there's so many amazing libraries
and Python, it's so accessible
that it is really important to understand
like deeply what's happening.
But you should probably also have one or two people
who have like a true software engineer experience.
Like, hey, has anybody told anyone around here about Git?
We need to be using source control.
And what about continuous integration?
Have you heard of testing?
Like those kinds of things matter.
But I think also having this like deep understanding
It really matters.
Absolutely.
Yeah, cool.
Cool, cool.
All right, so you talked about this system advisor model.
Are there other things like in, say, the astronomy space,
there's AstroPi, like all the astronomers talk about.
This is the library.
These are the things.
You talked about pandas and NumPy and whatnot already.
But is there something like that or a couple libraries
like that in the energy space?
The closest I would probably say is the Paiomo optimization library that I think Clark mentioned
in a previous interview.
Yeah, yeah, we had Clark come on to talk about that and he was doing really cool stuff.
Clark, yeah.
I'm going to set up a chat with our team with Clark, and that's the plan at a later date
because it was very interesting what he was able to do during his master's with learning
optimization.
And so I think, yeah, like really, there may be libraries out there that I haven't come
across yet at this point, but I've really found that the whole, yeah, the Python stack
of pandas, pyemo optimizations, and even things like, have you come across a library called
Geopandas at all?
Yes.
Which has spatial elements and data frames.
I use that for a lot of analysis as well.
- Geopandas sounds cool.
I haven't done anything with it,
but I would love an opportunity
to do something fun with Geopandas.
- I did that when I was working in consulting.
I used that library once for looking at data
from the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
And then suddenly I was in demand for every proposal
to be making these heat maps of the country.
I suddenly was just making,
I had heat maps coming out everywhere.
- Yeah.
- It's a phenomenal--
- Jack knows how to make these graphs.
Give it to Jack.
He'll build it for you.
- Yeah, exactly.
But GeoPandas, if you know a bit about
using Pandas and data frames for working with data sets,
it's pretty much like using a Pandas data frame,
but it just adds a whole bunch of capability
for working with spatial data sets
and creating beautiful figures as well.
It's amazing.
- Yeah, it sounds super cool.
Super cool, yeah, it works with Shapely.
It sounds like it would work really well
with your 10,000 text files almost even.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
For some of those things, you know.
Yeah. - Yeah, yeah.
Alexander out in the live streams coming back,
just one quick thought says,
"I wish people learned at least some programming.
"Making custom software to cover simple cases
"is definitely tiring,
"and most of the time it's just a simple script."
Yeah, I mean, kind of the automate the boring stuff
could take a lot of people a long ways for sure.
That level. - Yeah, absolutely.
- Yeah, so, sorry, go ahead, Jack.
Oh, yeah, I was going to say that.
In a way, a lot of the little things that I would go around and be useful for when I was working in consulting,
if people had a little bit of programming background,
then yeah, they almost wouldn't need my input because they understood the area better than me.
And if they had a little bit of Python and knew how to link up some data sets,
then it would be like, they could just automate so much of some tedious things.
One thing I heard a lot in that sort of realm was,
"If you automate all these things,
you're going to take our jobs away.
What are we going to do?"
This painful, tedious manual stuff that should be automated,
that's our job because that's what a lot of
the people that I had worked with for a while,
that's what they did and they were legitimately a little
concerned that if we wrote
software that would do those things automatically,
well, then what would they do?
I saw year after year we would write that software,
they would say, "Thank goodness we don't have to do this again." And they would just solve more problems, take on more data.
They would just do more. And almost never did it result in, "Well, we don't need these people anymore."
It just meant they got to do more interesting stuff in a bigger scale.
Absolutely. This is what I find when I work with new data sets or problems.
And once you've solved the problem, you understand that data, you fix the issues with it,
Suddenly, having that kind of foundation and curated data set lets you actually build on
it and do more interesting things going forward.
It's not like you've done that, you never need to do that again.
That's what drew me to the energy sector because it was like, the more I worked with these
data sets, the more I understood and the more interesting questions I could answer, which
is really satisfying.
- Yeah, yeah, and the more things that are batch processes
can become almost real time and really change things.
So speaking of data,
it sounds like you guys work with a ton of data over there.
Give us a sense for the scale.
- Yeah, so I guess the more standard data set is,
there's a database that has pretty much everything going on
in terms of dispatch on a five minute basis.
And so for most of your users,
if you just want to see what the power station is doing,
what it's bidding, you can use that data.
It's large, like pulling out some of these data sets
and it's in, you know, 100 or 200 million rows
looking at certain parts of it.
But the thing I'm working on at the moment,
it almost makes this kind of look small.
And this is kind of that same data from that same database,
but it's on a four second basis.
So a single month of data is about 750 million rows.
And it gets all released as thousands of zipped folders
containing CSVs, one CSV for every half hour.
- Oh my goodness.
So is there like a big process that just goes along,
unzips it, grabs it, inserts it into some database
or something along those lines?
- I think that's how it got,
I think that was how it gets shared in some format.
So this is how I was given the data on my current project.
And so it's so big I can't actually unzip it on the machine.
So I have to use, I'll actually use Python
to kind of spin up a number of separate processes
that will kind of work through the different zipped folders.
It will then use, I think Python has a library called zip file,
so it will unzip the folder in memory,
read in the CSVs, process them,
and then it will eventually concatenate it all back
into a cleaned data frame that I can work with
going forward.
And so then I'm trying to use those sets of tools
to try and then turn this into a more compressed,
cleaned data set that I can work with going forward.
Does that fit in memory or do you have to only pull out slices sort of dynamically with the zip file processing?
Yeah, so I can fit about a month in memory on my machine.
We do have some large servers and so I will transition to processing this in parallel on the servers,
which should get an even better speed up.
But yeah, at the moment I really just kind of look at things on a monthly basis.
And so what I can actually do is, and there's a ton of processing I have to do with this
four-second interval data because what I can see is I'll break the data up then into five-minute
intervals and what I can do is I can see what the generator was doing on a four-second basis
and then I can see what its target was. So when they run their optimization, they will say,
we know you're sitting at this point here, you have to ramp up to hit this target here at the
end of this five-minute period. And so I can use this data to tell how well the generators are
actually hitting their targets and how well they're following instructions. But the funny
thing is, even though you think of four-second data as being such a short interval of time,
But if you look at some of the big batteries in the grid, that data is actually too slow
for some of the batteries, because batteries can actually turn on,
inject power and turn off again, and I can miss it in the four second data. It's amazing.
Some of these big grid scale batteries, like the big Tesla battery in South Australia at Hornsdale,
they're amazing feats of engineering that you really appreciate when you
you realize you're missing things that are four seconds away.
- They break your sensors and things like that.
Yeah, Australia is really well known
for having some of these big batteries
in the energy sector.
I think for some reason,
Tesla seemed to have partnered up with you guys
to build these.
- Yeah, and we've got,
the plan is to roll out a whole bunch more
of these batteries around the grid as well.
And they're just really impressive.
that you know how I mentioned the whole challenge
of constantly balancing supply and demand.
And really that's what batteries are so good at doing is
if we suddenly have-
- The response time is almost instant, yeah.
So you could just, they could take it in,
they could eat the energy or they could initially fill,
like immediately fill the gap, right?
For a while.
- Exactly.
And sometimes with some of this data,
you can actually see the battery
will receive an instruction, it will quickly turn on,
it will discharge some power,
and then a couple of seconds later,
it will actually then,
because there's too much power in the grid,
the battery will actually then suck up some of that power
and recharge into the opposite effect.
It's just amazing.
- Yeah, fantastic.
I would love to dive into that,
but let's stay on target,
because I'm super fascinated with batteries
and their potential.
So with all of this data,
you said that you had basically learned some good advice,
like certain things you can just easily do
pandas and numpy on small data sets, maybe not so much on large data sets like that. Give us some
of the things that you found to be useful and some of the tips and tricks. Absolutely. So there's a
concept called vectorization. I'm not sure if you've come across it, but it's effectively
how can you apply an operation to a whole column. So you're not writing a manual loop or using
using conditionals. For instance, if I try to multiply a column with millions of rows
by a number, it's really, really fast because that's all kind of, you know, optimized C
under the hood. And so, with a lot of this, when I'm working with smaller data sets, you
can get away with doing some manual loops yourself or using pandas to group by a column.
For instance, I would often say, "This is the identifier for a power station.
I want you to group by this column identifier and then sum up."
And even those things start to become too slow once your data's kind of at this scale.
And so the real trick I find is, yeah, it's how do you find ways where you can apply some
operation, a calculation to the whole column. But the tricky part with that starts to be what
happens if you want to do conditional calculations. And so one of the things I find is
sometimes I want to see how much the output of, on a four second basis, how much is the
generation of a power station changing. And so you can imagine that Pandas has a calculation
that lets you effectively calculate the difference between the previous value that came before
really, really efficiently. But because I've got all these different generators and intervals
kind of all in the same data frame, I don't want to consider the first value in a five minute
interval because that's affected by a different time interval as well. So what you can do is
NumPy has this great functionality called where or select where you can pretty much pass it
a column that turns out to be true or false for the whole data set and it will then replace the
the value with something else really efficiently.
So what I can do is I can run my calculation
for the whole column, and then I can use numpy where
to replace the first value in each five minute interval
with a missing value.
And that pretty much does things in a few seconds
that would have taken, I don't even know how long,
with the other way, hours at least.
- Wow. - It's amazing.
- Yeah, I think that the whole computational space
with pandas and with NumPys,
there's, you know, like in Python,
we speak about Pythonic code, right?
You would use a foreign loop
instead of trying to index into things and so on.
And then there's a whole special flavor of that
in the pandas world, right?
And a lot of it almost has the guidance of
if you're doing a for loop, you're doing it wrong, right?
Like there should be some sort of vector operation
or something passed into pandas
or something along those lines, right?
- Absolutely, I think, yeah,
it's almost like its own kind of
type of problem solving in a way,
because it's like, how can I apply this calculation
to everything in a column,
but also in these cases, do something else?
That's really the problem solving in a lot of ways.
Yeah.
- Yeah, it's a lot more set-based thinking,
almost like databases.
So what about things like threading or multi-processing or stuff like that?
Have you tried to scale out some of the things that you're doing in that way?
Yes, so we have a server that has about 60 cores and about 700 gig of RAM on it.
So the plan is I can ship my things over there once this project is approved.
60 cores?
That's pretty awesome actually. Yeah, we've got a couple of them, which is very useful for the
energy modeling that we do. And usually what I'm doing is kind of a mix of, yes, using Python's
multi-processing library to try and just split. Usually what I'm doing is I'm just processing
a whole heap of data frames in parallel and then concatenating them back into a single data frame
once they're kind of processed. And that workflow seems to work pretty well for a lot of the
requirements. Yeah, because you get each subset data frame bit to do its own computation in
parallel, right? Yes, yeah, exactly. And so, and the other thing too that can also benefit is that
Usually, as part of the cleaning process, I'm kind of subsetting the data as well.
So while the data is starting off at an immense size as well, I'm figuring out which parts of it
I need and cleaning it. And then so then the data frame I end up concatenating back together can be
of a more manageable size as well. - Right, right, right. Interesting.
Have you looked at Dask for any of this? - Yes, we've had. I did some work
on the server with for a different project looking at it and I think Dask might be
once I've kind of built up a more curated version of this four second interval
data, I think Dask will probably be what I'll use on the server for working with the
whole data set. Yeah it sounds like it might really be, I mean I haven't actually tried to apply
to that much data that you got there, but it's sort of its functionality, it sounds like it
really might be the thing to do, because it'll take basically your description of breaking into
the many data frames, having them run, and then bringing it back together. That sounds to me like
what Dask is built for, right? Yeah, and I think the brilliance as well, I think, of the Dask
project is how they were able to kind of emulate the Pandas way of doing things as well,
which is great because it's nice not to have to relearn too many things and be efficient
from the beginning. Also, I should probably just flag as well that these data sets that I'm working
with, the four second interval and then the actual database on the five minute basis,
one of the things that got me so into the energy sector and that's I think unique in a way about
about the Australian energy market,
although I stand to be corrected,
is that this is all public data.
If you want, you can go and download all of this data
from the market operator's website.
Which is an amazing amount of openness
to be able to go in and look at
what these power stations are doing
and what prices that we're getting
on such a granular basis.
As well, that's been really what's fascinating.
- Yeah, that's super cool.
People are out there trying to do research,
working on a thesis or something like that,
they could just grab this data and it's,
like you said, it's real.
And a lot of people have both physical machine reasons
and financial reasons to keep it accurate, right?
- Yes, yes, absolutely.
Yeah, and I think, and really,
I guess I come back to that original point
where the limitation for this data
isn't how clean it is or the amount of data,
it's just understanding the processes well enough
to know what you can do with it.
- Right, a little bit like that example you had
about the solar farms versus coal generation, right?
- Exactly, exactly, yeah.
- Know that I mean different things.
Yeah, yeah, very cool.
All right, other advice or interesting things going on
before we, we're getting short on time,
but anything else you wanna throw out there
about working with all this data?
- I think, I'm trying to think.
One of the areas I'm quite interested in at the moment
is Python's number library, N-U-M-B-A.
I think it uses the,
able to kind of compile a Python code under the hood
to get really high performance,
and it can be perfect for my use.
And the thing I, the reason I'm rather interested in it
is that if I can vectorize a calculation,
you know how I'm applying it to the whole column.
But for instance, if I'm trying to do some calculation
where I want to loop through it
because my current calculation depends on the state
of a previous calculation,
then that can be a limitation
of this kind of vectorization approach.
- Right, right.
You can't just apply it to the set and go,
hey, every row here,
just look back at yourself a little bit in that place
and then do the thing.
It's got some dependencies on what happened before, right?
I mean, that, I have no idea how you would fix that straight.
Maybe it's possible, but it's very tricky, right?
And so number does that, okay?
- Yeah, so number is effectively a way to write Python loops
that run as fast as C, but within,
for numeric calculations.
So this is why I'm very interested in this
for some of the areas that are a little bit trickier
for me to vectorize using data frames.
I'm very interested in the Numba library as a solution
for some of those challenges.
- Yeah, so Numba makes Python code fast, it says.
It's an open source JIT compiler
that translates a subset of Python and NumPy code
into fast machine code.
So I haven't used it,
but it sounds like it really knows about NumPy
in addition, right?
'Cause you could use Cython,
but Cython doesn't necessarily know anything
about NumPy, for example, right?
- Yes, yeah, you're exactly right.
In a way, NumPy has kind of replaced what I would have used Python for in the past,
but for my application. But what I could do, say for instance, if I have a NumPy array and I want to loop through it,
and there's some calculation I want to do and then my next calculation depends on that previous calculation going forward,
this lets me do that.
And yeah, in a way, and I'm writing Python code.
I don't have to write C or C++.
You can see it, you're literally adding decorators,
just like, you know, how Flask has that lovely
kind of decorator syntax.
It's almost like that to an extent.
- Yeah, exactly.
You say @number.jit, and then,
do you want this to run in parallel or not?
Yeah, sure, why not?
- Exactly, and also, it even has,
lets you run your calculations in parallel as well.
you can see that little parallelism true.
And it's actually true parallelism without the gill
as well, which is amazing.
- Yeah, this is super interesting.
I knew that it was a compiler along the lines of Cython,
but I didn't realize that it had this special integration
with NumPy, that's very neat.
- Yeah, I really recommend, like I think for most people,
pandas is probably what you need,
but if you're running into these kinds of, yeah,
these types of problems, then I think number
would be a solution before you would have to look to it,
necessarily have to look to a different programming language.
- Yeah, absolutely.
And like, this is how I started off
our conversation together.
The performance side of Python is super interesting
because it's like, oh, it's not really fast enough
until you apply this decorator,
then all of a sudden it's just as fast and it's amazing.
I literally just, all these little edge cases
that are super neat.
I look back to some of the code I wrote during my PhD and I cringe at some of the bad performance practices I probably had for working with them.
And I think this comes back to your point about having people in the team who are a bit more experienced in this area,
because if you can have people who understand this and point team members to these tools for optimizing their code,
then I think that can deal with a lot of the issues for people who may not be as experienced with writing Python themselves.
- Yeah, that's super advice.
And then if you've got data that maybe
is like the other side of your story,
it's like too big to fit in RAM
or you want more sort of automatic rather,
parallelism across say a large data frame,
then Dask is definitely a good thing to look at.
- Absolutely.
- All right, Jack, this has been super interesting.
I think we're getting a little long on time.
I don't wanna take up your entire day.
So I will have to call it a show on that bit.
But before we get out of here,
of course you have to answer
the two final questions as always.
So if you're gonna write some code,
work on some of these projects,
what editor do you use?
- VS Code, especially since they added Jupyter Notebooks
into the editor as well.
- Yeah, it's really interesting to see
both what VS Code and PyCharm are doing
to try to bring either just bring notebooks into the space
or try to come up with a more native alternative, right?
Like, well, here's a cell and it's separated
by like this special comment,
but you can still run it in notebook style,
but it's like, feels like a text file you're working with.
And yeah, it's an exciting time for that stuff.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah.
And then you've already given a shout out
to a couple of different projects,
but any notable PyPI packages?
to tell people about? Yeah, I mean, I guess numbers the one I'm fascinated with in terms
of learning more about at the moment, but I think in terms of getting things done, just
pandas and geopandas and the kind of scientific stack, it's just, it's amazing what people,
the code that people have done that makes me so effective just by being able to use
their libraries. It's phenomenal. It's phenomenal. Yeah. Are you a Jupyter or a JupyterLab person
or something else? I used mainly Jupyter, mainly because at least at the time when I tried out
JupyterLab, I couldn't collapse some of the outputs from cells as well. They may have fixed that,
but I'll take a peek at JupyterLab every couple of months or so and see what's new.
All right. Fantastic. All right. Well, Final Call Action, people are interested in maybe they work
in energy somewhere else in the world, or they're trying to do research with it. You know, what do
you tell them? Yeah, like, if you're interested in getting in touch with me, we run some, we run a
few meetups for energy modelers in Sydney. So if you're ever interested in getting in touch to chat
about some of the data in Australia, or some of the work we're doing, feel free. Is that, is that
zoomable these days or is it impossible? The plan is for the meetup to be
stuff as a zoom one. So that's the plan. All right, fantastic. Well, Jack, it's been great
to have you here. Thanks so much for sharing what you're up to. Thanks so much, Michael. It was
great meeting you and thanks for having me. Keep the lights on down under. Thank you, I will. Bye.
Bye. Have a good night.
[BLANK_AUDIO]